Add ability to generate docs site as a PDF (#6719)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/meta/docs.md

- minify HTML ([:octicons-octoface:][docs-plugin-minify])
- display the date of the last Git modification of every page ([:octicons-octoface:][docs-plugin-revision-date])
- automatically generate docs based on code and docstrings ([:octicons-octoface:][docs-plugin-auto-doc])

> - export the markdown pages as PDF ([:octicons-octoface:][docs-plugin-pdf-export])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- export the site as a PDF ([:octicons-octoface:][docs-plugin-pdf-export])
```

By default, live reloading is enabled so any modification will be reflected in near-real time.

> **Note:** In order to export the site as PDF, you can use the `--pdf` flag, but you will need some [external installations][weasyprint-dependencies].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** In order to export the site as a PDF, you can use the `--pdf` flag, but you will need some [external dependencies][weasyprint-dependencies].
```
